# [5-4-22] Problems with Testing

I have run into some issues with creating a testing environment for this application. The testing library packaged with CRA(create react app) is jest, which relies on Babel (the backbone of jsx) to transform non-standard js code into "valid" js. Unfortunately, the CRA configuration for jest does not include support for TypeScript (the language react markdown is written in) by default.

### Potential solutions
CRA docs include a method for adding TypeScript to an existing React App. We will try this method before exploring others.

Update: This was ineffected. Reverting branch to avoid having unused packages.

After searching github issues with using Jest along with react-markdown I've narrowed down a couple of solutions:
1. Eject CRA with the npm eject command : this would run the eject react-script effectively generating the config files necessary to talor babel and jest to accept TypeScript. 
2. Use jest to mock calls to packages being flaged as invalid JS. [noteable issue reference](https://github.com/remarkjs/react-markdown/issues/635)

Update: I decided to go with option 2, since the packages in question work as they should, it is simply and issue with the default configuration of Jest. It seems a bit overkill to potentially break the application with the Eject script just to ensure that Jest works. I'm also not using TypeScript for my additons to the CRA so ejecting seems pointless there.

While looking over the mock docs and closed issues on github, I believe I've found a suitable solution for my use case. Shout out to github users @nvh95 and @mikegoatly.

### Packages in question
* react-markdown
* remark-gfm
* react-syntax-highlighter/dist/esm/styles/prism

Now I simply need to mock calls to these packages in my setupTests.js file. 
We'll add these three lines:

```js
jest.mock("react-markdown", () => () => {});
jest.mock("remark-gfm", () => () => {});
jest.mock("react-syntax-highlighter/dist/esm/styles/prism",() => () => {});
```
Voila! That seemed to do the trick. Now we can move to writing some tests for the application.
